all right first you flick this switch
then this switch that activates then you
push this button which will give you
five minutes to get out of that now
whatever you do don't push this button
because that will set off the bomb
immediately and we'll all be dead now
repeat back what I just said I'm good
uh-huh I'm good that's right okay
no now that's the button of them kill
everyone try again I'm good I'm good
uh-huh okay no that's exactly what you
just said how's that even possible which
one is the button you're supposed to
push point to it oh hey you're making it
nervous shut up and give me some pain
does anybody have any tape out there I
would've put some tape over the death
button